Okay, continuation of Thursday the 11th's interview with Charlotte and Jo. We are on
the subject of...
Parties!
Parties! Which we all love a party, don't we Charlotte?
Yeah.
Tell me your favourite party you've had at Chepstam and Co.
Ooh, okay.
Go on then, tell us.
It's like rugby club.
We've had loads of parties at the rugby club, yeah?
Board school.
At the board school we have loads of parties.
Barclays.
At the Barclays we've had loads of parties.
And what's the other one?
It's by Chepstam, I can't think of what it's called.
Both of them.
Like who?
Both of us.
Okay, so we've got the venues that we go to.
The Burnt Barn.
So yeah, we've got the Burnt Barn, the Beaufort.
Yeah.
Shall we start with the Beaufort?
Okay.
And then we'll go through the venues and you can tell us about the parties we've been to.
So the Beaufort, what parties did we used to have at the Beaufort Hotel?
It's like sandwiches, sasseroles, crepes, cake.
Cake, yeah.
It's like birthdays or?
Yeah, we've had a couple, but there was one party we always did at the Beaufort.
Christmas parties.
The Christmas party, that's right, yeah.
Like Quackers.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What else did we do at the Christmas party?
We're happed.
Yeah.
Dancing.
Mm-hmm.
Go drink and have a chat, have a gossip.
Did you have a gossip at the Christmas party, Cheryl?
We used to have fun.
Used to have, yeah.
Yeah.
They were a lot of fun, weren't they?
People came and staff came.
Yeah, we used to have the whole back room, didn't we?
Yeah.
And we'd fill it and they'd be kind enough to cook Christmas dinner for us, wouldn't they?
And Christmas dinner as well.
Yeah.
You know, like, so Nick.
Yep, Sue, yeah, yeah.
He'd tell me, like, beach.
Oh, I did a speech, yes.
I would always do a Christmas speech.
Yeah.
And give them a check.
Right.
No.
I don't know.
We used to call out and ask for the kitchen staff to come into our room and we would give
them some money as a tip in an envelope.
Yeah.
And what did we used to do for them?
Take a camera.
Like that.
Yeah.
We did used to sing.
Can you remember what we used to sing?
Jingle bells.
We used to sing, we wish you.
Merry Christmas.
Oh, yeah.
That's it.
And then we'd say, hip, hip.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
And then we would clap in.
Clap in.
That's right.
It was very, very nice, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, so we had good fun there.
And then we have our Christmas party at the board school now, don't we?
That's right.
Which is really nice as well.
Like food and.
Yeah, one big party.
Yeah.
So you mentioned some other venues.
So you mentioned the barn club, I think.
Yeah.
We've had quite a close relationship with the barn club over the years, haven't we?
Can you tell me about some of the things we do there and the types of parties we've had there?
It's like snooker.
Yeah.
Darts.
Quizzes.
Yeah, we used to do a quiz there quite a lot, didn't we?
Yeah, like fish and chips and suck and chips.
I say we used to, we still do quizzes.
We had a.
Did you say fish and chips?
Yeah, I did.
Yeah, we had a fish and chips and quiz night there.
And the raffle tickets.
Yeah.
Like chocolate sister.
Mm hmm.
And the people give her money and prizes and.
Yeah.
So yeah.
And what used to happen on a Thursday night when we were at the burnt barn club, if it
was someone's birthday, what would they do?
Ah, right.
On a Thursday.
Yeah.
You went to a burnt barn.
Who's burnt in next?
Mm hmm.
It's like salad or creamerly or.
Um.
Wasn't it before?
I got people on birthdays and.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Can you remember, who's the people at the burnt barn that are always very nice to us?
I've fitted me.
But I asked Annie making cakes.
Yeah.
And.
What's her name?
Annie's husband.
Barry.
Mm hmm.
She's making cakes for me for my birthday.
Yeah.
And all the food at the tables.
And like.
Um.
They were doing.
And they were talking about it.
And I had a friend.
And it's really funny.
Yeah.
So sometimes Annie would bake a cake.
And so you know the people behind the bar at the burnt barn.
Yeah.
In the barn yeah.
Do you know who they are?
I saw June and Paul.
June and Paul yeah.
So they're kind of the owners, the managers aren't they?
Yeah.
And they've done a lot for us over the years.
And they used to make you a buffet.
That's right yeah.
Every time one of you had a birthday.
That's right.
And they, we'd always get a warm welcome up there.
Yeah.
All the locals in there.
Very nice up the burnt barn wouldn't they?
Yeah.
So going back to parties.
Right.
Charlotte, Jo mentioned about the rugby club.
Yeah.
Can you remember some of the parties we've had up there?
Um.
We had fun.
Yeah the fun.
Um.
Do you remember when we all used to do a themed day at the rugby club?
It's welly boot.
Yes.
With the welly boots.
Yeah we used to do welly wanging.
All over you on the face.
Yeah.
Pre-info, is that when we had the party fight?
Just discussing.
Yeah.
So we used to do the fun days didn't we?
I think that's what you were saying when we had the fun.
Yeah.
And we used to do welly wanging.
That's right.
What else did we do?
Throw the ball.
Yeah we used to have different games didn't we?
Oh for the, you know like the Sweety's.
Yeah.
And you'd bang it.
You'd bang it yeah and it's full of sweets.
Can you remember the name?
No.
It's a Spanish or Mexican name.
What's that called Charlotte?
Remember you all used to beat the hell out of that thing full of sweets?
Piana.
Pinata that's it.
Thank you.
They used to be great fun didn't they?
Yeah.
So we had a couple of themed days didn't we?
I mean we had a dress up costumes.
Yeah that was with the themes so we'd all have a theme.
We'd pick a theme and then we'd have costumes to wear.
Yeah.
What did Michael dress as?
David Bowie.
Who else?
Oh he's coloured red.
Yeah that was the superhero one.
Yeah.
I had a red outfit on do you remember who I was?
Can remember.
Mr Incredible at that one.
Ah that one.
Yeah.
Do you remember him dressed up as Britney Spears?
I don't know that.
You don't remember that?
That's probably a good thing.
It was a sight to see.
I wore the iconic Britney outfit didn't I?
To our pop stars day.
I don't know that.
Britney beard I was.
That's nice.
And do you remember the Hawaiian day?
Yes.
Down in Mathen?
That's by E. Mathen.
Yeah.
With him skirts.
Yeah you had a grass skirt.
And they were floating on top of it.
Yeah and we all had the leis didn't we?
Yeah.
And I remember you doing some zumba on the field for everyone.
In your Hawaiian skirt.
I remember.
Didn't you do that dance as well?
Yeah.
What's it called?
Ollie Maas.
No not Ollie Maas.
Ollie Murs.
Gangnam Style.
Oh that one.
Pretty high isn't it?
Oh you said about Bruno Mars sorry not Ollie Murs.
No I mean.
You know what you said?
Yeah.
It's called Pretty High.
Oh is that to you and you.
That wasn't the Hawaiian song.
I don't know what it's called.
I'm not sure.
I know we did.
Harry Styles.
Harry Styles?
Yeah she's doing like Pretty High.
I got a picture on my phone.
Yeah.
And Bedman singing.
So is he a Harry Styles fan?
Yeah.
Do you like Harry Styles?
Not really.
Not really?
He's amazing.
What music do you like Shal?
I like any music.
Any music but not Harry Styles?
Evey used to like them.
Evey used to like him.
Yeah.
He's a bit gorgeous isn't he?
I like him.
I don't know if I like his music.
I like his music.
He's a cool dude.
Yeah.
So music, do you guys do any music things down here?
What do you do?
When Harry dressed up in costume.
I would be Madonna.
Madonna?
Yeah.
Have you dressed up as Madonna?
Yes.
Which era of Madonna?
He's like black costumes.
Yeah.
And hair.
Uh huh.
And then he's not earrings, just khaki and
Yeah.
And then he's like, uh, probably in the hair.
And then dancing and singing.
Like a pop star.
Yeah.
Nice.
Okay and the board school, we had a party here recently.
For Alex's wedding.
Alex did have his wedding here?
Yeah.
But can you think of the party we had last week?
Uh, was there a little Christmas dinner?
Yeah.
No, we had Crown bunting up.
Oh Crown.
Oh, what, what, what, what, what, what, is Queen Charles?
Yeah, it was the King's coronation, wasn't it?
Yeah.
That was quite a fun day, wasn't it?
So what did we do for that?
We did tables and they did doing plates and food and
Yeah, so we had like an afternoon tea type thing, didn't we?
Yeah.
And you guys helped, didn't you?
And we had to sing along 12 songs.
That's right.
What about something that you guys do here, which I think is great, that brings the community
in and you do it every now and again on a Tuesday?
When?
Are you involved in that?
What happens here on a Tuesday when you help Annie?
Oh, you mean coffee shop?
Yeah, the pop-up cafe.
Yeah.
Do you, do you, are you involved in that?
Yeah, yeah, I love it.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What do you do at the pop-up cafe?
It's like baking roll, cakes.
Yeah.
And sauce and roll.
Mm-hmm.
Choose, choose what you want.
So do you cook the stuff?
Yeah.
Yeah?
And do you help with that, Charlotte?
Yeah.
What's your role at the pop-up cafe?
The baker sandwich or cake or coffee.
So do you, are you the one that serves then?
Yeah.
Yeah?
So you're behind the counter?
Yeah.
Oh, nice.
And the moneys, well.
Yeah?
You take the money?
The rent, king, and then Carol or Michelle.
They help you take the money, is it?
Yeah, on a table.
So who comes to the cafe?
Can anybody come?
Yeah.
Yeah?
So it's a public thing then?
Just a family.
Just your family comes to see you.
Yeah.
But people come in off the street, don't they?
I've heard it's very popular.
Yeah.
Don't you make the meringues, Charlotte?
Is that what you normally do, just the meringues, or do you do all the cakes?
And I can only make all the cake.
Right.
Ah, and another one is lunch bunch.
Lunch bunch, oh yeah?
What's that?
Like me and Annie, we make a meringue with strawberry.
A meringue?
It's really, really lush.
Really lush, is it?
Yeah.
Is that your favourite?
Nice.
So you do the pop-up cafe down the board, school.
That's right.
What do you do?
I do the cake.
You do the cake.
Where do you do the pop-up cafe down the board, school?
That's right.
Where do you do the lunch bunch?
On a Wednesday.
On a Wednesday?
Yeah.
Where does that happen?
Oh, thank you.
With Annie we're going shopping to Grotesque Girls.
Yeah.
And going to the lunch bunch and learning people and sitting around with them.
sit down and have a food and like make cake like a round cake with
strawberry and then a lot of people give me tips.
Did they? Yeah.
That's your favourite day because how much tips do they normally give you?
I had £10.
£10 a tip? That's not bad.
And I'm shocked.
Well it's nice so you enjoy working. Yeah.
So it's kind of like your job really isn't it? Yeah.
So where do you do that?
On the Wednesday in Lunch Bunch.
The Lunch Bunch yeah but where is the like Lunch Bunch?
In Chapestowe, in Bulwark.
In Bulwark?
Nearby Olive's House.
I know Olive's House yeah.
By the... So the community centre.
That's right. Nice.
Do you go to that Charlotte?
I used to go there.
You used to do it? Yeah.
And did you do the same as Jo does?
Yeah.
Cook the food and save the people?
And you don't do it anymore because you don't come to us on a Wednesday.
Because she's doing the shop on a Wednesday.
You do the shop on a Wednesday? Yeah.
Fabulous.
On a Wednesday morning.
Right so you're not there to help Annie?
To prepare the food then? Yeah.
So you're helping Elaine then?
But do you enjoy the shop?
Yeah.
Lovely so Jo do you do the shop?
Yes on Mondays afternoon.
On a Monday afternoon.
You do it on a Wednesday morning then Charlotte.
Do you both want to talk about what you do at our charity shop in Bulwark?
Who do you work with and what do you do during the day?
Elaine watches me.
Right so Elaine watches you.
With her tail.
On the tail? Yeah.
Yeah so you take the money and...
Yeah.
Nice so you serve the customers?
It's a charity shop then? Yeah.
Charity shop.
Do you serve on the tail as well Jo?
Yes I do yeah.
What other jobs do you do at the shop?
I do like skirts, doing numbers.
Yeah?
Like 20, 30 or whatever.
The sizes on the...
On the side yeah.
And then they go and pull on the top.
And then Elaine doing...
Drier.
Just do your dryer on her clothes.
Yeah.
She uses a steamer to you? Yeah.
To steam out all the creases.
Yeah that's right.
What do you like about working at the shop then?
I like it, brilliant.
Yeah? Why is it brilliant?
Because it's my favourite shop.
Yeah?
See Elaine.
Because she's my friend a lot.
Yeah nice.
What do you like about it Char?
I normally give her chocolate for Elaine.
You get chocolate for Elaine?
Yeah.
Do you?
You don't give me any chocolate?
I didn't know that.
Me and Elaine.
Is that your and Elaine's little secret?
What do you share chocolate?
Yeah.
Oh my god Charlotte that's fabulous.
So I give Elaine cake.
Do you give Elaine cake?
Cake yeah.
So you give her chocolate.
Elaine's doing alright there, isn't she?
Yeah.
It's like a round with chocolate on top.
Chocolate clothes.
So that's your other job then?
Yeah.
So you're very skilled.
Because I know Elaine's birthday so.
You know everyone's birthday you do don't you?
Yeah.
You are the human calendar.
I bought Elaine.
It's like an egg.
Yeah.
For Easter.
Nice.
I give Elaine Easter egg.
That's very good.
For Christmas.
I give to her as well.
Yeah.
Elaine does very well at the shop then.
I might have to start hanging around the shop a bit more.
Yeah.
I might pop up some chocolate on a Wednesday.
Okay well I think if you guys haven't got anything else to say for the minute.
We'll end that interview here.
Okay.
All good?
Thank you very much.
Bye bye.
That's alright.
You did well.